hi guys from andrew plus good in this
occasion is I come to bring the fifa 15
we will install it I will leave the file
which is in the description for the
download is going to be this file as
you can see it is not going to weigh much just
is going to start about 200 media out there
200 sub megabytes can not see anything to see
with fifa 15 that weighs a little more of the day
we are going to decompress this you are going to give
here
will extract jockey
I am using the explorer to also
is a file manager and can also
unzip famous so that it ends
decompress
well there is a term that will leave you
folder that can 2015
we are going to open it, we are going to keep these
three files those three files what
first thing we will do is where it says
appdata we select it let's see
who cut or copy like you
Like, I'll give you a cut
and we will go to the main folder
we will go to folder where it says android
data and paste
and we go back to the folder where
we were that left us
as we can see more we have 200 left
files we are going to give you in the folder
let's give in cutting
but we are in the main folder and
we go with says android again but
this time we will give or baby
if you do not have the candle folder create for
who hits as you can see there this but
It is very important that they know how to differentiate
This is because if they do not fit because
you did something wrong
let's go back to the folder again
and we still have to install the apk let's
to give to install
We will give in next and install
let's wait for him to finish climbing
it's all I only remember that I do not
it's 2015 is the pes 2012 but
updated with the 2014 template
2015 uniforms 2014 2015 the ball
World Cup tournaments as they can
see there the term to install itself I'm going to
rotate the screen
there since we were the screen before
start these designs that I do not have
the lit egg does not occupy we can not
have wifi we will give you here where
says open
let's wait for the end
installation to recognition while
I invite you to subscribe to a like
share the video it is very important that
Share our videos so this
keep growing and keep bringing more
content to the channel
good as you can see there from start
and I already turn down the volume a little on the fire
for what
well, it looks like we do not have to touch
anywhere
Here he shows us the buttons
we will give here the next one we will go to
configuration or plane a case will tell me
configuration for
be of music
today we are going to see who options
a cheerful sound in jockey music
I can already will rise a bit
so I'm going to teach you
for example we can go where it says
and cup
the fifth to teach them that he has everything
what's new as you can see in fifa world
cup 2018 russia 2018 rustic
cup euro of france the cup
the Africa Cup compatible 2015
the cup of england has many drinks
cup of the king the confe de brasil has
many many things just come the
balls equal
here, the Santander Cup, I think it's not
it's unlocked but you can
unblock with cold as if they were a
extra payment and it's over now they can
unlock very easy has the game
display
uefa club competitions
we're going to play a game here
we will see you in the cup video
let's give to whoever in a plan says
nothing heading get here for example
obligates from vv to
we hope you feel
You can catch Real Madrid in this case
I like to pass it here the following
next let's give the next and
then put 3 minutes in difficulty
half
to do it in the next
let's wait for it to finish loading
then the next one as you can see that
this our uniform the white and the
Red
2014-2015
here for example already has iker
boxes balance we run work
James
christian ronaldo benzema let's give it
15 institutions to see and already
has for example jesus al
'chicharito' hernández de méxico afp a
dischord this to raúl de tomás color
as you can see has many we are going to
let's give a substitution
for the chicharito
and so with that we're going to give a go
start at the time
in that game and then this this game
I remind you again that it is not 2015
is the 2012 Pes but updated with the
templates balls uniforms equipment
2014-2015 we are not going this is so that
Some people are graphic because they are already
better there is no equal to the present
as the fifa now the fish is multiple
of the play but they are already greatly improved
is hd we are going to give you here to take you
and as you can see the parades are a
little better asset to create a bit then
to start the match
really good guys I hope you have them
liked the video until next time
in which lateral
looking attitude
one minute before
no no
football game for fans
but nobody
despite the great offensive effort of
both teams
good guys I hope you liked it
the video subscribe be shared
until the next bye